.TH _printf 3 " 17 04 2022" " version 1.0" "ALX  Printf Project Manual"
.SH NAME
_printf - function in the C progrmming language used to format text to stdout
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <stdio.h>

.B int "main.h"

.B _printf(const char *format, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I _printf()
function helps format string to the stdout, standard output stream.
These functions write the output under the control of a format string that specifies how subsequent argument (or arguments) accessed via the variable-length argument facilities of 
.B stdarg(3)) 
are converted for out-put.
.SH Conversion specifiers
A character that specifies the type of conversion to be applied.

.B The conversion specifiers and their meanings are:
.IP c
.RS
If no l modifier is present, the int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the resulting character is written
.RE
.IP s
.RS
The char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of character type (pointer to a string).
.RE
.RS
Characters from the array are written up to (but not including) a terminating NUL character; if a precision is specified, no more than the specified are written, If a precision is given, no null character need be present; if the precision is not specified, or is greater than the size of the array, the array must contain a terminating NUL character.
.RE
.IP "d, i"
.RS
The int argument is converted to signed decimal notation, The precision, if any, gives the minimum number of digits that must appear; if the converted value requires fewer digits, it is padded on the left with zeros.  The default precision is 1. When 0 is printed with an explicit precision 0, the output is empty.
.RA
.SH RETURN VALUE
These functions return the number of characters printed (not including the trailing `\0' used to end output to strings), These functions return a negative value if an error occurs.
.SH BUGS
The _printf fuction in this program is still under development as my partner and I are yet to handle other specifier types, more updates would be included with time going forward

.SH OPTIONS
.IP -d
disable syntax highlighting
.IP -e
enable syntax highlighting
.IP "-f filename"
Specifies the file you want to edit. This option must be given with the
.BR " -e " "or the " "-d " option.
